= shared-secret-authentication

The shared secret authentication gem's purpose it to authenticate the communication
between to web services using a shared secret. While there are many means to accomplish
this the currently implemented approach is to secure the parameters that are passed
between the two applications. The parameters are secured by sending the SHA2
signature of the parameters plus the shared secret along with the request.
The receiving application can then check the signature and if it matches it knows
that the request is not only came from an authorized application but that the
parameters have not been tampered with either.

== Setup

Besides installing the shared-secret-authentication gem the only other required setup
is a shared_secret.yml file in the config directory (relative to the root of the
project).  The yaml file should look like this:

shared_secret : your_shared_secret

Once this file is in place you are ready to go.

== Usage

To sign a hash simply call <tt>SharedSecretAuthentication.sign_hash(hash)</tt>
(hash is the hash you want to sign) and a key of 'signature' with a value of the
checksum will be added to the hash.  Please note this changes the originally passed
in hash.

On the other side use <tt>SharedSecretAuthentication.hash_signature_correct?(hash)</tt>
(hash is the hash you want to check the signature of).  True or false is returned if
the checksum in 'signature' matches the checksum that is calculated locally.
If the passed in hash does not have a key of 'signature' an exception is raised.
Also the 'signature' key is deleted during this process.


== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Josh Moore. See LICENSE for details.
